Pettswood More TODO

DO THE DEMO A HUNDRED TIMES, IMPROVING EACH TIME
 - Use PW to test-drive some problem domain
	- Twitter
	- UPT

What was good at Functional Exchange:
Dynamic data lookups - real-time code demo with very fast feedback
Visi - a great new idea, for a new type of computing (tablets)
Audience participation - everyone has opinions to put forward.
	- A vote for the next feature?

Things to avoid:
Just boxes and lines - boring
Monotonous plugging of a website - there needs to be a sequence of interesting points to engage the audience


Make the Demo the same as the docs, and the What Is? Doc, and the getting started

5	Intro
5	Go through what is
10	Demos
10 	Questions, requests for demos



Fix WYSIWYG editor so that it don't completely fuck up the xml-ness of the HTML
 - Removes end tag of <link>
 - adds unclosed <br> tags everywhere
 - -removes the doctype and starting <html> tags

Add a helpful xml-structure-error-displayer, so that it is easy to find and fix XML well-formedness errors

Things I wanted to fix:
Business users don't edit HTML -> informed WYSIWYG
Fixture is hard ->
Too much boilerplate fixture ->


Talks Structure:

  Things to fix:	1		2		3

	Solution:	a		b		c

	Examples:	x		y		z

Use this graphical key as in-slide breadcrumbs.


Concept:
A toolbox of highly-compatible libraries to enable real-time construction of executable specifications:
 - The core - an HTML-to-test parser and executer
 - Integrations with build tools (sbt, ant, Maven, ...)
 - A WYSIWYG spec editor for the business to use
 - Incorporates the automations and lessons learned from previous production systems (toggle between test and result, nested tables, mixing, none/null/empty concepts, …)
 - In-browser creation of tests from templates, and addition of tables supported by existing fixture, as well as new types of table.
 -

Rules of engagement:
 - The document must be well-formed XML. HTML5 is fine.
 -
 -
 -
 -


Bugs:
*Still needs an SbtIntegrationHook in the test sources for it to run ==> Have a settings class that doesn't suck (unlike sbt's) that is also the hook.
* Good old NPE when first looking for copy of css in target. Works second time around.

New features to add:
ONLINE - Move Pettswood tests to their own folder: src/pettswood/resources/
Improve Concepts, so that learning new ones requires less code. C.f. tryElse in DomainBridge
Host in sonatype
Jang in toggler at start of test
Improve the default CSS - make it look neater, more up-to-date. Explore fonts, colours, etc. The usual.
Find a way to get HTML displayed out of github - extract the project to agmen-smith.co.uk and host it from there?
Simplify the "What is" doc.
Fill in Getting Started.doc
----- Begin Marketing -----
(Automatically) update the documentation snippets - an sbt plugin?
Sbt task to create template tests & Jang in wizzywig at start of test
Test different failure modes (e.g. no file, badly formed table, etc) and check there are appropriate error messages

